2.
What are the attributes of the relation HANGAR resulting from mapping the entity type HANGAR?

 Capacity
 Location
 Number

3.
Question:
Which relation(s) result(s) from mapping the entity type PERSON?

 PERSON


4.
What are the attributes of the relation PERSON resulting from mapping the entity type PERSON?

 Phone
 Ssn
 OWNER-ID
 Address

5.
What are the attributes of the relation SERVICE resulting when mapping the weak entity type SERVICE?

(●) Reg#, Date, Workcode, Hours

6.

What is the key of the relation SERVICE resulting when mapping the weak entity type SERVICE?
(●) Reg#, Date, Workcode

7.
What is the key of the relation EMPLOYEE resulting from mapping the entity type EMPLOYEE?
(●) Ssn

8.
What are the attributes of the relation WORKS-ON resulting from mapping the many-many relationship type WORKS-ON?

SSN works on Model

(●) Model, Ssn

9.

Which of the following are attributes of the relation AIRPLANE resulting from mapping the entity AIRPLANE?

We can assume that majority of the AIRPLANE instances are mostly stored in hangars and virtually all of the airplanes have models.

多选 Model, Number, Reg#

10.
What are the attributes of the AIRPLANE relation which would end up being foreign keys referencing other relations produced by mapping this EER to relations?

We can assume that majority of the AIRPLANE instances are mostly stored in hangars and virtually all of the airplanes have models.

多选
 Model
 Number

 11.

What is the minimum and maximum number of attributes of a superkey in the relation AIRPLANE?
(●) 1 and 3

12.

When mapping the many-to-many relationship type OWNS, which relation will the attribute Pdate belong to?

(●) OWNS




13.
Which of the following is/are true?
 A relation must have at least one key.
 A relation must have at least one superkey.
 A relation contains no duplicate tuples.

 14.

 Which of the following relational algebra operators require full type compatibility of participating relations?

(●) Intersection

15.
How many tuples will be returned by the following relational algebra query?
π Cid,Type (Membership)

答案：5

16.
How many tuples will be returned by the following relational algebra query? Club * Meeting

答案： 5

17.

选错了

18.

